[Music]
if you could only have one of them on a
deserted island antelope or cantaloupe
definitely antelope definitely Adam yeah
there's a companion
you know a friend transport you think
you could ride the antelope yeah and and
I hate to say it but you know ya meat
source yeah sure and a lot of it hmm
good amount yeah
clothes one do you think you will ever
go into a sewer I think the way that I
live my life it is a possibility that's
something I would drop something in
there and you think there's a more than
50% chance you'll go in the sewer I'd
say I'd say 40 what in your life do you
sniff the most
and my cat said you can't yeah you're
monitoring the cat who just like the way
to cat's head smells sometimes it'll
smell you know like a foreign mouth and
I wonder who else has been doing this to
my god look I don't something else is
good sniffing dirt yeah pretty much and
I think I think there's been foul play
yeah I know someone's in there but he
doesn't he's alright what's his name
yes oh poor Gus yeah you know what let's
have a toast to Gus okay - Gus may no
stranger ever sniff his head again ya
know Johnny Walker the answer to all of
life's ridiculous questions
Johnny Walker wishes you a happy and
prosperous Lunar New Year I am Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season buy
my new book this serious goose I wrote
it and illustrated it all the money I
make most to children's hospitals across
the country so you know what to do